Add `Project Loved: October 2022` news post (#8235)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2022-10-21-project-loved-october-2022.md

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2022-10-21-project-loved-october-2022/1546722.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[Seiryu - AO-Infinity](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1546722#fruits) by [Saikai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8172283)\
191 BPM, 3:30 | 7.22★\
*description written by [Tenshichan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1101600)*

[Saikai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8172283) is known for being an insane player who is currently top 10 on the global leader boards, but apart from all the impressive scores they set regularly, they also do map quite a lot.

> One of those maps is *AO-Infinity*, which is overall a clean map with some unconventional patterning here and there. A major part of this map are stream patterns with lots of hyperdashes, but there are also some parts that may throw you off, especially the middle section of the map since it contains some uncommon hyperdashes paired with fast-paced patterns. The most difficult section though is near the end of the map, where the stream patterns get noticeably more difficult and also contain quite the amount of fast wiggles in between. If you are not careful enough, a slip up may end the run there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of those maps is *AO-Infinity*, which is overall a clean map with some unconventional patterning here and there. A major part of this map are stream patterns with lots of hyperdashes, but there are also some parts that may throw you off, especially the middle section of the map since it contains some uncommon hyperdashes paired with fast-paced patterns. The most difficult section though is near the end of the map, where the stream patterns get noticeably more difficult and also contain quite the amount of fast wiggles in between. If you are not careful enough, a slip-up may end the run there.
```

> Overall a map of moderate difficulty that can be enjoyed by a lot of people so make sure to check this map out!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overall a map of moderate difficulty that can be enjoyed by a lot of people so make sure to check it out!
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2022-10-21-project-loved-october-2022/184710.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[Sayaka Sasaki - Zzz](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/184710#fruits) by [Spectator](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/702598), [CLSW](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/531253) and [ZHSteven](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/142413)\
154 BPM, 4:04 | 2.94★, 3.62★, 4.39★\
*description written by [Sartan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4100941)*

> ......................................huh- OH HEY THERE LOVELY READER! You scared me there! What was I doing? Well, you know, there is this map called Zzz by [Spectator](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/702598), and it's like the most soothing thing ever! It has a couple of difficulties which are very relaxing, and playable by virtually anyone. As a matter of fact, I believe it might be quite a good pick for loved, considering the amount of times it has been played since it's creation over eight years ago; it even saw some play in tournaments!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
......................................huh- OH HEY THERE LOVELY READER! You scared me there! What was I doing? Well, you know, there is this map called *Zzz* by [Spectator](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/702598), and it's like the most soothing thing ever! It has a couple of difficulties which are very relaxing, and playable by virtually anyone. As a matter of fact, I believe it might be quite a good pick for loved, considering the amount of times it has been played since its creation over eight years ago — it even saw some play in tournaments!
```

> So let me see, I will just put it up for loved like this... and now people can vote for it! But, before you do, let me take you for a spin! Here, let me just turn on score V2 and we're off to- to... to the... what was I saying agai- *yawn* ......................................

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So let me see, I will just put it up forLloved like this... and now people can vote for it! But, before you do, let me take you for a spin! Here, let me just turn on Score V2 and we're off to- to... to the... what was I saying agai- *yawn*.........
```

## osu!mania

The osu!mania Loved candidates were chosen by [\_underjoy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2235750), [-NoName-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10400730), [kadoen](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12780575), [Paturages](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1375479), [RandomeLoL](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063) and [stupud man](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2141612)!

---

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2022-10-21-project-loved-october-2022/1569250.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[sabi - true DJ MAG top ranker's song Zenpen (katagiri Remix)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1569250#mania) by [Ciel](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1455309)\
170 BPM, 4:22 | 4.19★, 4.19★, 4.46★, 4.46★\
*description written by [Paturages](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1375479)*

> Remember [*lost found melody*](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1051052)? [*Shakunetsu*](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/853414)? Well, [Ciel](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1455309) is back for more with *true DJ MAG*!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember [lost found melody](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1051052)? [Shakunetsu](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/853414)? Well, [Ciel](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1455309) is back for more with *true DJ MAG*!
```

As someone who has been involved with SV pooling for MWC 2021, I deeply recall the crunch week we spent on trying to deliver this map for the Finals mappool. Yes, this was indeed supposed to be the memorization-oriented SV entry for MWC 2021, but it was just way too hard and unfair for that competitive setting in particular!

> As such, you can find 2 sets of difficulties in this mapset: *top=false* features nerfed rice patterns that have been iterated during MWC 2021 pooling in order to try and make the pick more approachable compared to [*Mafain*](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1569493), which was the other SV pick for that stage; *top=true* features the unnerfed version, true to Ciel's vision and direction for this map. Both versions however feature the same, unforgiving, brutal SV gimmicks that one has come to expect from Ciel over the years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As such, you can find 2 sets of difficulties in this mapset: "top=false" features nerfed rice patterns that have been iterated during MWC 2021 pooling in order to try and make the pick more approachable compared to [Mafain](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1569493), which was the other SV pick for that stage. "top=true" on the other hand features the unnerfed version, true to Ciel's vision and direction for this map. Both versions however feature the same, unforgiving, brutal SV gimmicks that one has come to expect from Ciel over the years.
```

> The barrier of entry to even try and grasp this map is incredibly high: this challenge and this leader board is reserved only for the cream of the crop, the best of the best of this community. If you want to make a name for yourself and think you're capable of catching a spot among the best SV players in the world, this might be the map you're looking for. Good luck on learning, have fun grinding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The barrier of entry to even try and grasp this map is incredibly high: this challenge and this leaderboard is reserved only for the cream of the crop, the best of the best of this community. If you want to make a name for yourself and think you're capable of catching a spot among the best SV players in the world, this might be the map you're looking for. Good luck learning, have fun grinding.
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2022-10-21-project-loved-october-2022/1111618.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[Polyphia - The Worst](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1111618#mania) by [Cokii-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6760124)\
125 – 175 BPM, 3:51 | 3.91★, 4.23★, 4.53★, 4.85★, 5.16★\
*description written by [Paturages](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1375479)*

Are you looking for the worst map in osu!mania? Well, this is not it: this is just *The Worst*, brought to us by [Cokii-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6760124)!

> Polyphia is a band that has been on the rise, renowned and recognizable thanks to many Clone Hero custom charts. They even paid tribute to them by [incorporating a custom chart using the game in their recent clip of *ABC*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mtd24QIBJ5Y&t=111s), which I thought was pretty cool and neat. This is one of the many reasons why I'm pretty excited to see more and more of their songs getting mapped on osu!mania. Yes, please map more Polyphia, I'm begging you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polyphia is a band that has been on the rise, renowned and recognizable thanks to many *Clone Hero* custom charts. They even paid tribute to them by [incorporating a custom chart using the game in their recent clip of *ABC*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mtd24QIBJ5Y&t=111s), which I thought was pretty cool and neat. This is one of the many reasons why I'm pretty excited to see more and more of their songs getting mapped on osu!mania. Yes, please map more Polyphia, I'm begging you.
```

*The Worst* takes a liberal, dumpy approach to song representation: the various guitar licks and riffs are transcribed through bursts and strokes of calculated, technical rice. Despite this technicality, this map actually flows well enough to appeal to players looking for speed-oriented content. Moreover, the provided rates, in optional combination with DT or NC mods, allow players of all levels to try and find their sweet spot — at the original speed, the map is quite affordable, with a star rating of less than 4.

Sorry we couldn't provide you with the best for this month, just feel free to vote for *The Worst* in the attached thread!

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2022-10-21-project-loved-october-2022/1856758.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[Kobaryo - Bookmaker](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1856758#mania) by [\[Crz\]Rachel](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8369409)\
140 – 210 BPM, 5:16 | 6.01★, 6.67★, 7.32★, 7.96★, 8.62★\
*description written by [RandomeLoL](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063)*

> For those already aware, yes this is **The** Bookmaker. Finally making its way from [Rachel's Rabifiles 2](https://etternaonline.com/pack/82195) to here for everyone to enjoy! This is undeniably the most ~~in~~famous iteration of this song ever charted. Its legacy status even carried over to Mania without ever having been uploaded by the original creator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For those already aware, yes this is **The** *Bookmaker*. Finally making its way from [Rachel's Rabifiles 2](https://etternaonline.com/pack/82195) to here for everyone to enjoy! This is undeniably the most ~~in~~famous iteration of this song ever charted. Its legacy status even carried over to mania without ever having been uploaded by the original creator.
```

> But what makes this chart so special? Well, if you're too afraid to try it out for yourself, a very rough description would be that [Rachel](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8369409) made a Speedjack chart out of Chordjacks. It's very dense and daunting at first, until you realize that the chords have been cleverly placed to be as *""comfortable""* as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But what makes this chart so special? Well, if you're too afraid to try it out for yourself, a very rough description would be that [Rachel](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8369409) made a speedjack chart out of chordjacks. It's very dense and daunting at first, until you realize that the chords have been cleverly placed to be as *"comfortable"* as possible.
```

Other than that, the rest is up to you, the player — to experience. Oh, and do be very careful with your wrists if you're not used to this kind of stuff. You'll thank me later.

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2022-10-21-project-loved-october-2022/585451.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[Le Dos-on - A](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/585451#mania) by [Elekton](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4990211)\
205 – 235.75 BPM, 5:59 | 5.50★, 6.17★\
*description written by [RandomeLoL](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063)*

> Been a long while since [Elekton](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4990211) was featured here. But they're coming in strong with Le Dos-on's *A*, a very well known jumpstream chart featured two years ago in the [**osu!mania 4K World Cup of 2020**](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2020_4K).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Been a long while since [Elekton](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4990211) was featured here. But they're coming in strong with Le Dos-on's *A*, a very well-known jumpstream chart featured two years ago in the [osu!mania 4K World Cup of 2020](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2020_4K).
```

> So, who's ready to tackle this gargantuan 6 minute marathon? If you do, don't just lay back on your chair and play on auto-pilot as this won't be your run of the mill jumpstream chart. Do expect trickier parts here and there, and your occasional bursts here and there. Even your occasional LNs here and there that some people will still manage to forget that releases are a thing! Other than that, all in all this will be a gauntlet for your stamina.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, who's ready to tackle this gargantuan 6-minute marathon? If you do, don't just lay back on your chair and play on autopilot as this won't be your run-of-the-mill jumpstream chart. Do expect trickier parts here and there, and your occasional bursts here and there. Even your occasional LNs can be found here and there such that some people will still manage to forget that releases are a thing! Other than that, all in all this will be a gauntlet for your stamina.
```

*description written by [-NoName-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10400730)*

[Lovelyn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8370443) is someone who gained a following from having simple LN maps charted to K-Pop music, and it is finally time for a nomination of one of his charts, *pporappippam*!

This chart is great for people who need to practice inverse. It has simplistic patterning as well as some vocal streams to switch things up. The BPM of 120 is also low enough that you can easily uprate it (even with DT) if you are looking to get at least some challenge out of this chart.

There is surely more to come from Lovelyn in the future of Loved nominations, and if you want to see more of this, don't forget to give Lovelyn your support!

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2022-10-21-project-loved-october-2022/620008.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[Sai Oto / Komiya Mao - Yozakura](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/620008#mania) by [Reba](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3087654)\
135 BPM, 2:12 | 6.55★\
*description written by [stupud man](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2141612)*

[Reba](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3087654) is back for another run at Loved voting with *Yozakura*.

> We don't often get to nominate maps that feature dense and fast streams in the 7K department, and *Yozakura* doesn't back down from their use. The prominent streams in this map clock in at around 270 BPM, so don't let the star rating (or the difficulty name) on this one fool you! For those that are interested, this was also featured in 2018's osu!mania 7K World Cup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We don't often get to nominate maps that feature dense and fast streams in the 7K department, and *Yozakura* doesn't back down from their use. The prominent streams in this map clock in at around 270 BPM, so don't let the star rating (or the difficulty name) on this one fool you! For those who are interested, this was also featured in [osu!mania 7K World Cup 2018](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2018_7K).
```

170 – 204 BPM, 3:14 | 6.27★, 6.81★, 7.30★\
*description written by [-NoName-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10400730)*

[Mage](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5527957) has not seen a Loved nomination since 2018, and it's time to hail his return to the voting stage with his chart of *99.9 / Eurobeat Remix*!

This chart has dense, but easy-to-hit chordstreams such that many players have found this pleasing to play. Eurobeat often provides good songs for charting chordstreams, and this is no exception. There is plenty of brackets and dense chording to keep you occupied — but if the BPM isn't enough for you, there are rates to satisfy the more experienced demographic.

Support Mage by giving this set your vote!

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2022-10-21-project-loved-october-2022/1296162.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[AliA - AliVe](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1296162#mania) by [ruka](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6117525)\
170 BPM, 4:52 | 9.26★\
*description written by [-NoName-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10400730)*

[ruka](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6117525) returns to the Loved voting once again with his chart of *AliVe*!

> This is a well-known, high quality chart which maintained its popularity for the people capable of playing this. There are multiple distinct sections in the chart giving each part of the song a unique feel. The complex LN patterning becomes more difficult to play as players progress through the sections. While this chart may have quite an entry barrier, you will surely not be disappointed while playing through it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a well-known, high-quality chart which maintained its popularity for the people capable of playing it. There are multiple distinct sections in the chart giving each part of the song a unique feel. The complex LN patterning becomes more difficult to play as players progress through the sections. While this chart may have quite an entry barrier, you will surely not be disappointed while playing through it.
```

> If you want to see *Alive* in the Loved section, remember to support ruka and cast your vote!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to see *AliVe* in the Loved section, remember to support ruka and cast your vote!
```

---

> From [everyone working on Project Loved](https://loved.sh/contributors), we hope you enjoyed this month's selection, and are looking forward to the next! The favoured beatmaps will hit the [Loved beatmap listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets?s=loved) shortly after the polls end. So don't forget to stay hydrated and vote on your favorite beatmaps in order for that to happen!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From [everyone working on Project Loved](https://loved.sh/contributors), we hope you enjoyed this month's selection, and are looking forward to the next! The favoured beatmaps will hit the [Loved beatmap listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets?s=loved) shortly after the polls end. So don't forget to stay hydrated and vote on your favourite beatmaps in order for that to happen!
```
